Issue 3659 - Notification Task Group URL correction (#3660)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/issue-3659.md

audience: general
level: patch
reference: issue 3659
---

> Fixed the Task Group URL being incorrect on Slack and Email notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slack and Email notifications' Task Group URLs are now correct (containing `/tasks`).
```
